detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a dark comedy thriller film
called thoroughbreds
spoilers ahead watch out and take care a
strange young girl stares emotionlessly
at a horse
then she takes out a small knife from
her bag the next day the strange girl
arrives at a large mansion where the
maid welcomes her
with a mate about to fetch lily she
tells the girl to wait
as she does she proceeds to examine the
house down to its beautiful items and
furnishings
when a mirror catches her attention she
flashes at a phony smile as practice
afterward she moves to the next room
where she spots an envelope with a big
wad of cash
the girl takes it in her hand and
ruffles through the bills before quickly
returning them in place and entering
another room
it looks to be someone's personal study
and she gives it the same watchful
treatment while the maid continues to
call lily
the strange girl looks over at the desk
and curiously eyes the photographs of a
man posing next to a dead lion
then one with the same man holding a
japanese sword upon turning her back
she sees the same sword in the photo
proudly mounted on the wall
after taking a chair and propping it
against the wall she reaches for the
sword
the girl holds it by the handle and
partially unsheathes the sword just
enough to reveal the blade
just then lily comes in and the two of
them greet each other awkwardly
finally the two young ladies amanda and
lily
proceed to engage in a tutoring session
amanda asks lily how much she's charging
for the session
but lily tells her that they're just
hanging out and that her idea of fun is
studying
lily begins to read a passage with
amanda looking over the booklet
while lily is reading out loud amanda
fixes her attention on the word horse
finally when it's time for lily to read
the word horse aloud she
starts feeling flustered and ashamed
lily tries to change the subject
but amanda dismisses the whole thing and
asks if they have food
after amanda has eaten from a bag of
chips in the kitchen they return to the
room
lily apologizes for reading the passage
since amanda's feelings on the matter
may still be fresh
to this amanda replies that she doesn't
have any feelings
lily asks if this is a disorder and
amanda briefly touches on how she thinks
her shrink is just randomly going
through the dsm-5 and throwing
medications at her
still amanda claims to have a perfectly
healthy brain
she just needs to work harder than
everyone else to be good
just then lily's alarm goes off and
amanda notes how lily set an alarm for
their supposed hangout session
amanda then reveals that she's had
access to the emails between lily and
her mother and that amanda knows her
mother's been setting up a play date for
her so she could have friends
amanda then takes her things and leaves
in their next session
amanda remains cautious about the nature
of her visits there and she asks lily if
she and her mother had made the payment
arrangements over the phone this time
once again lily assures her that it
isn't like that
suddenly lilly's stepfather mark comes
into the room looking for lily
but he's surprised to find amanda
sitting there with her he greets amanda
but with his discomfort he leaves
quickly now that he's gone
amanda then asks lily if she hates her
stepfather
lily who is still trying to get the
casual tutoring session going
denies this still amanda presses on
further about the matter
making lily uncomfortable until she ends
up walking away
with amanda following her lily suddenly
drops her polite exterior
saying that if she doesn't want to be
there then she should just ask her mom
to buy her another friend
after her outburst lily is more
surprised with herself than amanda is
amanda only shrugs off a comment and
tells lily that that was the most honest
thing she said to her since the sixth
grade
with amanda appreciating her being
forward lily becomes more honest with
her
even telling amanda that she's
off-putting amanda welcomes this honest
version of lily
and the strange girl awkwardly tries to
initiate a hug
the two teens grow closer and one night
they begin to spend time together
outside of the tutoring arrangements
that amanda's mother made
together they watch an old black and
white romantic film
amanda evaluates the woman in the film
when she was fake crying
and she surprises lily by demonstrating
the technique
lily then asks amanda to teach her so
she instructs lily to fool her brain
into thinking she's crying
this involves manually eliciting the
associated cues
starting with taking in tiny gulps of
air as if you're choking yourself from
the inside
before the fake crying session could
continue mark rudely interjects wanting
to speak with lily in private
lily tries to shoe him away saying that
she can't leave amanda alone
mark tries to make amanda go home but
the two teens work together to win the
argument against him
defeat it the man gives up and leaves
with the two left alone
amanda asks lily why she hasn't told her
mother about how mark makes her feel
and lily says that her mother doesn't
really care just then
a buzzing sound starts going off on the
second floor lily explains that it's
mark sargometer machine which
he uses for exercise later the two teens
move to the wine cellar
where amanda presents a morbid idea
maybe lily should just kill her
stepfather
amanda is serious about it and tackles
the perspective in a practical
unfeeling manner which in turn makes
lily uncomfortable
finally amanda confesses why she killed
her horse
the horse was crippled and in her mind
killing it was an act of kindness
lily then tells amanda to leave though
she's genuinely confused as to why
lily is upset amanda complies anyway and
leaves the house
as lily prepares to go to a party during
the night she goes to visit her mother
she's just in the next room basking in
their newly acquired tanning bed
lily then takes the car keys and heads
to the party there she finds several
people talking about amanda and the
horse that she killed
the teenagers were saying that they knew
someone who had the horse photos
for fear of being ostracized lily
pretends that she doesn't speak with
amanda
during the party a commotion ensues when
a man in a leather jacket argues with
another young man who's trying to
prevent his sister from hanging out with
him
the man in the leather jacket is known
to be a drug dealer and he yells at the
other man until he gets punched in the
face
with that he leaves after the party lily
returns to her car only to find the man
in the leather jacket there
he introduces himself as tim and offers
lily a roll of grass but lily declines
she enters her car while tim continually
talks about how she should drop out of
boarding school and become an
entrepreneur instead
lily shuts the car window close and
drives off for the past couple of days
amanda has been texting lily who
continues to ignore her because of their
last conversation
meanwhile lily continues to be annoyed
by her stepfather
one night lily could not get any sleep
because of mark's exercise machine
something inside of her snaps and there
she decides to speak with amanda again
the following day she visits amanda's
home amanda's mother greets her
but she initially thinks that her
daughter's in trouble lily consoles her
saying she just wants to see her
amanda's mother directs lily to the
backyard
where amanda is stood still bizarrely
staring at nothing
the two of them get to talking and later
they swim in a pool
at the pool they try to see who can hold
their breath longer
amanda comes up after 30 seconds and
when it's lily's turn she dives down and
stays underwater until the water filled
her lungs
amanda gets her in time just before she
drowns
the two of them rest afterward and lily
brings up amanda's suggestion
lily asks amanda if they did decide to
kill mark how would they do it without
getting caught
thinking that lily was testing her
amanda says that she wouldn't do
something like that
lily reassures her that she's just
asking back at lily's house
mark enrolls lily in a boarding school
for girls with behavioral problems since
lily was expelled from her current
school
frustrated by this sudden decision lily
unscrews mark's bike
making it unstable for him to ride
because of this
mark gets into a biking accident where
he sustained several minor injuries
that night lily contacts someone to get
the horse photos and when she receives
them
lily looks at the pictures with
astonishment the following day
lily and amanda meet up again and lily
tells amanda that she's seen the photos
amanda describes how she did it she
wanted to use painless poison at first
but using it ended in a failure as the
chemical impurities just led to the
horse having convulsions
so instead she clumsily used a knife
quickly slaying the horse by aiming for
the head and spine
lily interrupts amanda finally telling
her she wants to go through with
amanda's suggestion and kill her
stepfather
amanda agrees to do it but only if they
have airtight alibis
to kick their plans off lily and amanda
first go to a nursing home to find the
drug dealer
tim who works as a dishwasher there the
three of them move to the parking lot
and head inside lily's car
so lily and amanda can purchase some
drugs they then asked him if he owns a
gun
tim avoids the questions at first but
after some provocation
he admits he has won lily and amanda
then enlist tim's cooperation in
shooting mark while the two of them are
away
with their gunman in tow lily and amanda
head to the mansion
tim is in awe of her material wealth but
he firmly believes that he'll be just as
rich as her one day
there amanda gives him a rundown of the
plan as she does
tin takes out his gun and fools around
with it before giving it to lily for her
to hold
when tim starts showing some hesitation
toward their plan amanda pulls out her
phone to play a recording of their
earlier drug transaction
she blackmails tim with it threatening
to send the recording to the police if
he tries to quit or harm them
frustrated tim tries attacking amanda
then attempts to take the phone away
from her
to stop him lily steps in and points
tim's own gun at him
tim gets nervous but he calls lily's
bluff saying she doesn't have the guts
to shoot him
just as he's directing the gun away from
his head amanda smashes a lamp on tim's
head
knocking him unconscious tim wakes up in
the bathtub with a head wound
seeing that he's come to lily and amanda
stand over him and give him medication
for his
injury the girls intend to keep tim's
gun and store it in the grill for him to
use during the night of the murder
they schedule the murder in three days
making it a saturday
then they explain that lily will be on a
spot trip that weekend while amanda will
be in an appointment with her
psychotherapist
it's saturday night and lily is
preoccupied with her ongoing plan to
kill her stepfather
to her confusion she keeps seeing mark's
face everywhere in the spa
while she's checking out she sees mark
again this time
however it isn't her imagination mark is
still alive and well
lily and amanda regroup at lily's house
and they discuss what to do next
amanda suggests leaving tim alone
believing that he had already fled and
that he won't come after them
determined to see her stepfather dead
lily suggests that they should do it
themselves
much to amanda's concern amanda tells
lily that if they're going to do it
it will be because it's the right thing
to do not just because she's going
through a passing phase
just then mark drives in lily spots him
by the window and she pulls out a knife
mark enters the house while amanda hides
behind the kitchen waiting with a knife
in hand
still in the kitchen lily smokes a
cigarette letting mark spot her
mark roughly takes the cigarette away
hurting lily and scolds her
still he promises not to tell her mother
since she doesn't need another thing to
make her anxious
mark's about to tell lily that he'd know
that her mother's anxious if she paid
any attention
but lily cuts him off telling him to
leave her mother
in turn mark conley retorts saying that
she could never understand someone
else's point of view
he even goes as far as to say that in
her brain everyone is just little off
shoots of her own consciousness
people are just her maids cleaners
trainers
with that mark leaves and amanda enters
the kitchen
lily gets upset with her for not doing
anything but she tells her that she was
never upset
in fact amanda even thinks that mark was
right about her
lily starts crying and amanda mistakenly
thinks that she's just using the faking
technique
lily then asks amanda if she was using
the technique back when lily's father
died to which amanda says yes
the two girls are in the living room
watching another old movie
amanda is taking a sip of a drink that
lily made for her while mark's exercise
machine is droning on in the background
lily asks amanda about something that
she said to tim the other day
about how his life wasn't worth living
with this she poses amanda a question
if she doesn't even feel happiness is
her life worth living at all
the question takes a man at the back and
she tells lily that she's never thought
about it before
when she takes another sip of her drink
lily suddenly shouts for her to stop
admitting that she drugged it surprised
amanda asks why lily would drug her
lily confesses that she wanted amanda
unconscious so she can stab her father
to death
then she'll put the knife in amanda's
hand to frame her for the murder
lily says that she decided not to go
through with her plan at the last minute
but amanda abruptly drinks the entire
glass
lily asks her why she did it and amanda
only tells her that she lives a
meaningless life
lily tries arguing that she's a great
friend but as amanda's slipping out of
consciousness
she corrects lily by saying she's good
at imitating though she tries waking
amanda up at first
lily ends up going through with a plan
she goes to the kitchen and gets a pair
of rubber gloves and a knife
amanda sleeps through the entire thing
and moments later
lily comes back frantic and overwhelmed
with blood in her hands and on her
sweater
lily pants and whimpers as she lathers
the blood all over the still sleeping
amanda
lily goes to leave but as she does she
hears amanda snoring
for one last time lily turns back and
she walks back to get on the couch with
amanda
she gingerly hugs her friend's arm to
her body as she lies down on her lap
with a one-sided contact as her only
form of comfort lily breaks into tears
while still holding amanda
several months pass and lily finds tim
by a restaurant
parking cars as a valet putting the past
behind her
lily greets tim cheerfully tim tells her
that he heard about what happened
then asks if amanda has spoken to her
since then lily tells him that she
hasn't spoken with amanda
but she sent her a letter in the letter
amanda wrote that prison wasn't so bad
they give her food medication and
different activities to do there
because of the drug amanda finds it
difficult to remember the last couple of
hours leading to the murder
but she doesn't dwell on it thanks to
the medication they're giving her
amanda's been sleeping a lot and she
says she's had several dreams about lily
in one of them they were in lily's
living room and amanda's taking the drug
drink
lily tells her to stop but amanda's head
suddenly turns into a horse
the other dream was about how humans
would all die in the future because of
their obsession with the internet
and eventually horses will take over and
run freely through the ruins of the
suburbs
as she writes her letter amanda is shown
staring at a photo of horses
and there she forms a genuine looking
smile back at the parking lot tim asks
lily one more time what the letter said
lily tells him that she doesn't know she
threw the letter away
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching